Here is the deep review of your current system. It is currently a solid foundation (B+ Grade), but to become "unreal" (A++ Grade), we need to address several key limitations in the algorithm and data depth.

🧠 The Core Algorithm Review
Status: Competent but Basic Your current composite score is calculated using these weights:

Consensus (40 pts): Based on implied probability. This is your strongest signal right now—the "wisdom of the crowd."
Value (20 pts): Simple check if current odds > average odds * 1.2.
Expert/RPR (30 pts): Purely based on Racing Post Rating (RPR).
Form (20 pts): Basic regex check for "1" (win), "11" (streak), "P/F/U" (risk).
Bonuses: Age, Trainer, Weight, OR.
🚨 CRITICAL GAPS (The "Missing Links"):

Going Preference vs. Reality: The most critical factor in horse racing is the ground (Good, Soft, Heavy).
The Flaw: You are not checking the current going report for Cheltenham. A horse might have an RPR of 170 on "Good" ground but runs like a donkey on "Heavy".
The Fix: Scrape the current Going Report and penalty/boost horses based on their history on that specific ground.
Distance Suitability: You are treating all races the same.
The Flaw: A horse winning over 2 miles (Supreme) might fade if entered in a 3-mile race (Stayers).
The Fix: Scrape the race distance and check if the horse has won/placed at that distance before.
Course Specialist Factor: Cheltenham is a unique, undulating track.
The Flaw: You ignore if a horse has run at Cheltenham before. "Horses for courses" is a massive factor here.
The Fix: Bonus points specifically for "C" (Course winner) or "CD" (Course & Distance winner) in their form text.
Days Since Last Run:
The Flaw: A horse off the track for 300 days (coming back from injury) is a huge risk, but your current "Form" check might see "111" from a year ago and think it's hot.
The Fix: Calculate "Days Off" and apply a "Freshness" penalty or boost depending on the trainer (e.g., Willie Mullins is great with fresh horses, others not so much).
📊 The Data Strategy Review
Status: Good Surface Data, Shallow Depth

Odds: You are scraping OddsChecker, which is excellent. The Steamers/Drifters logic (
server.js
) is arguably your most powerful "real-time" feature.
Form: Currently just scraping the raw string (e.g., "1/12-P"). This is too crude.
Market: You are scraping 20+ bookies but treating them mostly equally in the scraper (though 
app.js
 has some weighting).
🚨 CRITICAL GAPS:

Exchange Data: The true "smart money" is on Betfair Exchange, not the bookies.
The Fix: If possible, valid "Betfair Exchange" prices specifically. They often move minutes before the bookies do.
Jockey Intelligence:
The Flaw: You are totally ignoring the jockey! Paul Townend or Rachael Blackmore on a 20/1 shot is much more dangerous than an apprentice.
The Fix: Scrape the Jockey name and add an "Elite Jockey" bonus similar to your "Elite Trainer" bonus.
🚀 "Unreal" Upgrade Plan (The Roadmap)
To make this system truly god-tier, I recommend implementing these three specific upgrades immediately:

1. The "Course & Going" Matrix
Modify 
scraper.js
 to grab the specific Race Details (Distance, Going) and the horse's Detailed Form (or at least check for "C" and "D" indicators on the race card).

Algorithm Update: if (horse.hasCourseWin) score += 15;
Algorithm Update: if (horse.provenOnGoing) score += 15;
2. The "Smart Money" Detector
Your 
server.js
 tracks openers vs. current best. We need to make it more aggressive.

Feature: Velocity Tracking. A horse dropping from 10/1 to 8/1 in 5 minutes is more significant than a gradual drop over 5 hours.
Algorithm Update: Add a velocity metric to the steamer calculation.
3. The "Trainer-Jockey Combo"
The combination is stronger than the sum of parts.

Feature: Check specifically for "Mullins + Townend" or "Henderson + de Boinville".
Algorithm Update: if (eliteTrainer && eliteJockey && isSameTeam) score += 25;
Shall I proceed with upgrade #1 (Course & Going Matrix) to immediately boost the "intelligence" of the predictions?

